# CHEME-5660-Project-Template-F23
Project template repository for the 5660 project F23

## What is in the `base template`?
In the `base template` loads the `Julia` packages, you will need to do your computations (the same as we have been working with throughout the semester). It loads and cleans the price data, computes the expected returns for each asset, and gets the `SPY` data from the dataset for you.

* Add your portfolio files generated by the `THP3` into the `data` folder. You can then load this data into your notebook, as shown in labs and examples in the course.


## What are some good sources and strategies to start your project?
We have been working with portfolio optimization for a while now, so you should know what you want to do. If you are looking for some inspiration, here are some good sources to get you started:
* `Lab 15b` is an excellent starting point for portfolio optimization and potentially for the optimal reallocation problem.
* Examples from `L13c` and `L15a` are also good starting points for portfolio simulation strategies.
* Lastly, think about the overall project (and the cashflow events) in the context of an `abstract asset`, similar to the exercise in `THP2`. 

## Disclaimer and Risks
__This content is offered solely for training and  informational purposes__. No offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities or derivative products, or any investment or trading advice or strategy,  is made, given, or endorsed by the teaching team. 

__Trading involves risk__. Carefully review your financial situation before investing in securities, futures contracts, options, or commodity interests. Past performance, whether actual or indicated by historical tests of strategies, is no guarantee of future performance or success. Trading is generally inappropriate for someone with limited resources, investment or trading experience, or a low-risk tolerance.  Only risk capital that is not required for living expenses.

__You are fully responsible for any investment or trading decisions you make__. Such decisions should be based solely on your evaluation of your financial circumstances, investment or trading objectives, risk tolerance, and liquidity needs.